[Music]
okay
good morning i hope you're okay um
i just had to make sure i finished my
coffee before i even thought about
speaking out loud like first thing in
the morning
oh i've just got to come round just got
ready
put a big hoodie on it's definitely got
chillier this week and
i've been feeling it like stepping out
of the house first thing in the morning
it is cold
today i just thought i'd bring you along
spend the day with me
i'm quite a little busy little i've got
quite a busy day ahead so i just thought
i'd
pick up the camera and vlog today i
think it's about
ten to seven right now i got up at six
well i say six i actually got up at ten
past six got into a bit of a habit so
what i do
is i set my mouth six and then i have
ten minutes
just like with my eyes closed but awake
don't know
and i just i seem to have these like
dreams where i'm half asleep
but awake and i've had some like good
ideas in them so i'm quite liking doing
that at the moment
a bit weird um and then yeah just get up
wash my face brush my teeth and stuff
and then get ready
i like to take my time in the morning
though like i don't like to rush
i have been making sure i try and
meditate like
i've been forgetting recently and i
definitely felt it like i noticed
when i keep up with like meditating just
for literally 10 minutes and
all is if you don't know really like
what or understand what it is it's
literally just like 10 minutes of like
breath work
trying to like sort of tune in with
yourself it's not something i've always
done
but yeah genuinely i always feel my best
once i've meditated and stuff and then
i'll just show you i'm about to
bring over here so this is where
so this is like so i've got two separate
notepads this one is actually just like
for journaling so when i say journaling
and it's just me like i just write
whatever's on my mind like however i'm
feeling
and then here is just like my daily
to-do
list that i write down just a few things
i try and not like overfill it
um so just thought i'd show you
this little gym outfit of the day i was
getting dressed in the dark this morning
you know you're like does this even go
like i couldn't see
but today is leg day and i actually
tried to train legs yesterday morning
but it was so busy in the gym and i just
thought i'd train back instead
shove this big hoodie over the top
enough to quickly mention i haven't got
any foundation on right now but
if i'm ever filming i do like to put a
bit of makeup so i've got some lipstick
on
and mascara but um this time like last
year
i wouldn't have felt comfortable like
just because
i like had so many cystic acne like on
my cheeks and on
my forehead i'm not completely i haven't
got completely clear skin now
i've got a tinted moisturizer on which i
absolutely love and it just means i
don't get as like
spotty from wearing makeup whilst i'm
doing my workouts meditation i did
this morning i always go on great
meditation and it's just a 10 minute one
they bring out loads that each week
which is amazing i've loved these ones
so much
so make sure i leave this linked down
[Music]
so
you've been sleeping we've had to put
her um
buster collar back on because she hasn't
been itching and i feel like we've got
on top of her
allergies um but literally she'd managed
to get at like this bottom part and it
was a little bit
bleeding this morning when i came down
then hello
okay i've just got a quick shower and
change i'm just going for a top and then
these pants which are from zara
literally the comfy thing
and i did my makeup um i just noticed
something in the shower
so if you watched one of my last vlogs
recently i mentioned i got it done about
three weeks ago or
four weeks maybe now i had laser hair
removal
under my armpits hurts piss
i've only had one session so far and
honestly
i haven't shaved my armpits in three
days and i went to go shave them today
and there was like no hair they
i can't speak her there um which is
insane because normally i think it can
take like three to five sessions before
you
stop getting hair and there was nothing
there today we've been dark haired as
well like i didn't expect to get such a
good result so quickly
and i'm going back i think towards the
end of this month and i'm just gonna get
everywhere done from top to bottom i'm
gonna get everywhere laser hair removed
i'll leave my arms but um yeah like my
legs
bikini area
now i'm gonna make some breakfast i'm so
happy
i've got some lotus biscoff spread
not just not even not even the normal
i'm talking the crunchy spread if you've
tried this
you are missing out like
[Music]
we've got the nut butter here the lotus
biscuits red berries
just gonna sit i hate this goodness oh
my god i'm so hungry right now
[Music]
post leg day feed
my dad's birthday and i'll have already
given this
to him before this video goes up got him
this
like olive like dark kind of it looks
light on here she's like
a bit darker in person sure i've got him
in an xl
god knows if it's actually going to fit
like i think he's between like a large
and x-raj
but this comes up like more of like a
slim fit oh no
and another like it's not a shirt it's
more like a casual thing
but could be dressed up quite nice it's
a ralph lauren uh like
jumper shirt kind of thing i won't open
that actually
um really like these two like so like up
his
street and so hard to buy for
parents i think
[Music]
i just brought pepe to the fields she's
ready to run off but i can't see
another dog around the corner so i've
officially
come dressed for antarctica um i've put
mason's coat on
and i completely underestimated how
flipping
long it is like it's down to my ankles
and it's not even that cold like i think
because i've sat down
and like i just felt freezing in the
house
so yeah just on a walk getting some
steps in soon
i've definitely found it trickier to
like want to get my steps in recently
just because it's been darker and that
she's raining so much
um and even now who doesn't really like
going out when it's raining
so yeah thank god it's dry today and
it's a bit brighter
but i'm feeling like all the autumn
vibes what i mean about this coat
so long um
very realistic outfit honestly
just got back from a walk i'm just
snacking on a carrot and i'm sure to
make some lunch
i almost forgot to film because i'm
quite hungry now i'm just gonna make
some chicken
heck sausages still obsessed with these
all right this does look a little bit
tragic like you know it was one of those
days where the pizza just didn't
fold off in half but nevertheless it
still just
tastes as good i've got my ketchup
chicken chipotle sandwich hello
[Music]
as i changed my top and i've just been
to the post office
and also a costa i just picked up
a cappuccino with lacto-free
semi-skimmed milk which i didn't know
they do
and sugar-free gingerbread syrup
and wow it is so good it's really sweet
like you wouldn't even know
it was sugar-free so i'm just outside
the trafford center and i'm about to go
and meet
mason he's doing some work on his laptop
i just thought i would
finish off my work in a little cafe in
here or something
today i've got like the heaviest bag to
carry in here that's the only things
it's got like my laptop in
this one and a half liter bottle of
water i'm trying to drink as many of
these
um a day as i can and it's helped loads
of like my skin i feel like my skin is a
bit more glowy
just something to mention about like
working at home if anyone also works
like for themselves or works from home
at the moment i feel like my stomach is
just an endless pit like
i cannot stop snacking when i'm working
from home
and i keep sitting at the dining room
table even though i made myself
an office room upstairs so i just
thought right just
get out of here asap oh sorry i just
realized i'm starting the passenger side
seat
this is i came to grab my bag and then
remembered i hadn't like vlogged
um or mentioned much so that is why
we're here
i just would i've been on the phone to
my brother for like 15 minutes as well
and he was like banging about with some
sort of
like metal appliance uh obviously like
carrying on working whilst on the phone
which is quite which made me laugh
so we're in the hairdresser's i'm just
going a bit darker
and but still having a bit of light
through
the back of it
[Music]
this is the new hair it's basically just
like a dark
toner so i haven't technically dyed it
and it lasts about like 15 washes
but rather than dyeing like all my
blonde bits i just thought yeah get a
darker toner
and i'm really happy to be back dark i
don't think i'm gonna go live for a
while
just want to get like my hair back
healthy and stuff i think i'm gonna wrap
this video up i really hope you've
enjoyed this just like more chill
just productive few days um let me know
if you still
would like some more like vloggy style
videos i'm not doing anything
like exciting this evening at all i've
just got some like work bits to catch up
on
and so yeah i will finish this here if
you haven't already i would love you to
stick around
by subscribing to my channel making sure
you've liked this video
and and i'll see you guys in the next
video